so scared of the megladon
a these mariana trench creatures will
terrify you even more
just call me chicken of the sea now
what's scarier than the prehistoric
megladon that used to live in the
Mariana Trench the Sharptooth creepy
looking creatures that currently live
there well much of the Mariana Trench
hasn't been explored yet what scientists
have found so far is absolutely
terrifying watch to learn more about the
creepy creatures that lie in the world's
deepest waters but be warned you may
never want to swim in the ocean again or
at least that deep counting down from
number 10 the Fang tooth that's his name
the Mariana Trench is an underwater
trench with a depth of 35,000 feet
nearly seven miles below the ocean
surface let that sink in well scientists
know that the Mariana Trench exists it's
one of the least explored places on
earth it's also the deepest area of
Earth's oceans and although many
creatures down there probably haven't
even been seen by humans yet scientists
have had the creepy pleasure of getting
to know the Fang tooth the thang
toothfish shamelessly lives up to its
name
just look at that thing the Fang tooth
is carnivorous and feeds on just about
anything you can find that gets caught
in its Sharptooth mouth these fish rely
on their contact chemo reception to find
prey in other words they can sense
chemical residue that comes off other
living organisms in the deep sea this is
because they don't have any light
producing cells on their bodies unlike
many other deep-sea fish on top of all
that it's pretty dark down there
so whatever crosses their path they
chomp on while these guys look pretty
scary they're not a threat to humans
they only grow about 7 inches long even
so I wouldn't want to
run into one of these things during a
relaxing swim in the ocean number nine
the Dumbo octopus this guy may look cute
but he swallows his prey whole it
doesn't have any teeth simply foraging
for food consisting of pelagic
invertebrates swimming just above the
ocean floor the Dumbo octopus gets its
name thanks to its rather cartoonish
look it has floppy elephant-like
ears that rest on top of its 12-inch
body along with googly looking eyes the
Dumbo octopus is the deepest living
octopus scientists know of according to
Oceana diet or they are known as
umbrella
octopuses since their arms are connected
by web skin when they spread them apart
they look like an umbrella a slimy
hungry deep-sea umbrella number 8 the
barrel I fish this unique fish lives
2,500 feet underwater in the Mariana
Trench there are a couple of cool but
freaky things that make this fish
one-of-a-kind like its transparent head
you can see through the barreleye fish
is had some scientists believe that this
transparent head lets the fish collect a
bit more light in the dark depths of the
sea which gives them an advantage over
other fish that hunt blindly inside
their heads you'll find two barrel
shaped eyes that point upward so that
the fish can see the outlines of its
prey well scientists know what the fish
looks like there still hasn't been
enough research done to determine its
reproductive patterns and life cycle so
mysterious number seven the sea devil
angler fish this creature looks more
like a fish from a horror movie than
from Earth's oceans the sea devil angler
fish resides a whopping 3,200 feet deep
and is in no shortage of weird features
razor-sharp teeth a misshapen body
an unsettling stare but perhaps the
creepiest thing about the sea devil
anglerfish is the way it catches its
prey it is a fishing rod type appendage
on its forehead that has a glowing light
attached to the end to attract animals
once these animals come close enough to
the light BAM they're captured by the
sea devils massive jaws these guys are
even capable of eating prey larger than
they are so their eyes aren't bigger
than their stomachs number six the
goblin shark if you thought the movie
Jaws was scary this next deep sea
creature will make you swear off going
for dips in the ocean forever however it
lives 3,000 feet underwater
so you'll never likely see it face to
face the goblin shark looks like a cross
between a shark and a creature from your
worst nightmare these sharks boast a
protruding sword-like snout with a jaw
that juts out to match unlike other
sharks that have more of a gray hue this
creepy thing looks not so pretty in pink
aside from their scary demeanor what do
scientists really know about the goblin
shark well not much except that they can
grow up to 18 feet in length looks like
there's still a lot to learn about these
guys if you dare to number five the
deep-sea hatchetfish you know that tool
that looks like a small axe
well the deep-sea hatchet fish looks
like the tool that inspired its name
believe it or not there are over 40
species of hatchet fish that sport thin
bodies covered in shiny scales that's
why they often look metallic these fish
only grow to be around six inches but
they're able to handle the pressure of
the deep-sea living 5,000 feet below the
surface
thanks to their bioluminescent bodies
they shine depending on how much light
manages to come in from above the water
this shimmer helps them camouflage and
trick on
predators number for the zombie war whoa
there are zombies in the ocean not quite
the zombie worm isn't an undead creature
of the deep sea it's very much alive
it's also known as the bone worm and it
can swallow bones of massive mammals
like whales it does this by secreting
acid to obtain the inner contents of the
dead whales bones
well isn't that yummy the zombie worm is
able to breathe by wiggling its branches
or limbs around to pull in any oxygen
from the water number three the deep-sea
dragon fish if there were a prize for
the most hideous fish in the ocean the
deep-sea dragon fish would win with
slimy scaly skin massive teeth and a
face only a mother could love this bad
boy of the sea is nothing to mess with
it likes to swim between 700 and 6,000
feet below the surface of the ocean
where the waters are the darkest and
coldest along with some other creatures
on this list the deep-sea dragon fish
relies on its bioluminescent body parts
to catch prey it also uses its hanging
appendage which boasts a little red
light on the end coming out of its lower
jaw many fish mistake this little light
for prey luring them right into the jaws
of the deep-sea dragon fish very clever
dragon fish very clever indeed number 2
the frilled shark you'll be thrilled if
you ever meet one studying the frilled
shark is like looking through a portal
back to prehistoric times
that's because scientists think that
these eel like sharks haven't changed
much since they're older ancestors
roamed the deep-sea waters so they're
sometimes referred to as living fossils
these sharks mouths are filled with the
terrifying 25 rows of backward-facing
sharp teeth 300 in total
they're designed to grasp prey and hold
them tight so they can't get away
according to early studies of the shark
conducted in 1884 and published in The
Bulletin of the Essex Institute
luckily for swimmers the frilled sharks
live between 390 and 4200 feet below the
ocean surface so they'll probably never
run into them probably number one
Liopleurodon while all the creatures
mentioned on this list thus far are
still believed to be alive and well
today some of the most terrifying ones
are extinct like Megalodon but this list
of terrifying creatures of the Mariana
Trench would be incomplete without
mentioning the terrifying and
prehistoric Liopleurodon this
carnivorous marine reptile existed
during the Colombian stage of the middle
Jurassic era and ruled the waters at
nine feet in length
scientists believe Liopleurodon thrived
in this deep-sea trench because of its
ability to swim long distances and its
four paddle-like lamps while they
probably weren't able to propel
themselves toward prey like other
animals of the area they did manage to
accelerate and attack very ruthlessly
and efficiently additionally they relied
on their long snouts to smell prey which
lead scientists to believe they didn't
rely on sight for hunting this means
they could have thrived in the dark
Mariana Trench around 150 million years
ago Liopleurodon became extinct due to
competition for prey against other
thriving marine reptiles and I think I
speak for all of us when I say thank
goodness for that
considering that scientists have only
explored 5% of the ocean floor and found
some of the scariest sea creatures
imaginable one can only dream of what
other animals reside in the deep sea
waters perhaps it's best to keep them in
your imagination am i right
Oh what other scary deep sea dwellers
have you read about share the ones that
scare you the most in the comment
section don't forget to give this video
a like share it with your friends and
click Subscribe stay on the bright side
[Music]